Logbooks

#1:

Day 1 aboard the Skyborn Spirit
Something has gone terribly wrong. We were on Route to the Outpost when the ship suddenly and unexpectidly changed route.
None of the passengers have noticed yet, I fear I'm the only one aware. The Server bots are going missing one by one. If they've all broken down
or are being destroyed by someone on board I don't know.

The Reception Bots won't let me anywhere near the escape pods unless it's an absolute emergency. Some sort of failsafe to stop a panic should someone bail on the cruise.
I'm fearing the worst. I hope I'm wrong but just in case I'll leave behind these logs just in case I don't make it.

-S



#2:

Day 2 aboard the Skyborn Spirit

Well we found out where the Server Bots went. Crazy that's where.
I don't know quite what happened but word of mouth is that some poor sap in Upper Class had his jugular torn out after ordering a drink.
Ever since then all hell broke loose. The passangers are panicing - obviously. None of these nobles know how to fight, let alone stay calm in a crisis situation.

I've moved down into the Spine in hopes that things are better down here. I'll assess the situation and see what my best course of action will be.

-S

#3:
Quite a scare today. I was staking out, waiting for a chance to sneak into one of the store rooms when a parade of Server Bots came on by. At the front were several Security Bots, no doubt
as crazy as the Server Bots. At their feet were a swarming mass of Server Bots, no surprise there, but their numbers is what scares me. It must have been the entire fleet - there were so many.
And worst of all was the behemouth they were all orbiting. Some sort of franken-bot, comprised of all the parts of broken down Server and Security bots. As they passed I got a glimpse or this monstrocity and I doubt
I'll ever be the same. Nestled in the dome of it's skull lay one of the ships Perfect Fi-Cores, no doubt stolen from the generator room.

I have a new objective: Keep the Fi-Cores away from the spiders at all costs.

-S

#4:

Day 3
I met another survivor today. A human named Patrick.
He said that none of the escape pods are launching and that most of the paniced passengers have held themselves up in the store rooms in the East Wings.
I told him about the Fi-Cores and the Beheamoth. Apparently he was thinking the same thing I was and had taken the initiative to steal one of the Perfect Fi-Cores for himself.

We don't know where the last one is but I hope it is somewhere safe. Patrick said he's going to make his way into the ships Storage Facility. Apparently there are boxes
of servival kits there that he feels the passengers can use for food and warmth. I don't need either of those things thankfully but I am worried about the safety of remaining survivors.

-S

#5:

Today I saw another servivor on the run from the Spiders. A young Villo who was quick on her feet. The gymnastics she pulled were astounding but that wasn't the most interesting part about her.
Like Patrick it seems that she was also in posession of a Fi-Core. With that Core accounted for we now know the location of every Perfect Core from the generator. I tried to get her attention to
get her to safety but she disapeared deeper into Systems before I could make contact.

Now what?

-S

