Slas Character Disection:


Full Name:
Slas 				[I'm a fucking genius /s]



What is this characters largest flaw:
	Slas is hypocritical at best and delusional at worst. Slas is ok
	with killing people as long as he takes time out of his day to pray
	to The Spirit for forgiveness.
	
Does this character change over time? How?
	Slas starts out indifferent and uncaring to the lives of the people he takes
	After his first mission, he gets asked by Tammery Mahrs about if he's a good guy or a bad guy and doesn't know what to say
	After finding Sylvi he lies to her about not being such a good person in order to save face
	During the Skireth Pirate Assault mission, Sylvi stands up to Skireth because of her beliefs
	After watching Skireth strike down Sylvi Slas realizes his beliefs are counterintuitive
		His is a religion of peace but he is spreading death and pain wherever he goes
		Above all his religion is against bloodshed
	These revelations cause him to look at the world and his work in a different light
	After Talem Mahrs announces that he'll stand up to the Ra'Gash invasion, Slas comes to terms with the idea that a war is coming
	With that he decides that Mahrs must die in order to let the Ra'Gash invade with the least amount of bloodshed possible.
	



What was this characters childhood like:
	As an Amtac, Slas grew up on his homeplanet homestead.
	His family, like most Amtacs worshiped a God living in a sky city named only
	The Spirit. It was a simple life, one Slas looks back on
	fondly, but it wouldn't last. 
	
	Upon entering his teenage years the planet and the Amtac were 
	discovered by the Galactic Federation. With being discovered, the 
	Federation provided new technology and new oppertunities to the people however 
	an unintended side effect of this development was the near complete 
	disproval of the existance of The Spirit to the Amtacs. 
	
	
	Since The Spirit is supposed to live in the heavens, and the ships that 
	brought the Amtac their salvation were from the heavens, The Spirit's 
	existance by the Amtacs own rules is impossible. To some, that was it,
	their society which was focused on appeasing The Spirit would never be
	the same. They either packed their things and took up the federation on their offer
	or they drowned their sorrows in their work to give their life a newfound meaning.
	
	Others, like Slas' family, doubled down on The Spirit giving
	any excuse they could possibly give to convince themselves
	that they were right all along, and that The Spirit does exist in
	it's city in the sky.
	
	Slas, while having a family in the latter category found himself sympothizing
	with the former. After questioning the religions belief, Slas was promptly 
	disowned and exiled from his home planet.
	
What does this character know about the geography of their world
	Slas knows next to nothing about anything outside of Sector 6. He leaves
	that sort of information to Lyser. There's no point in worrying about 
	races and planets he'll never see.
	
What is something your main character may be motivated to lie about:
	His job. Slas is ashamed that he works as a mercenary or assassin for hire.
	His religion has strict policies on violence and he continuously breaks
	every single one of them.

	
How does this character want to die?
	Slas wants to be remembered for his good deeds over his bad deeds.
	Ultimately Slas would want to die redeemed of his sin for a greater purpose.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
﹕⁾	(￣ヘ￣) 

	