Telling the story:

Draw current Sector 6 and Sector 5 and the top of Sector 7

The universe is big, so to prevent overscope all of the story will take place within Sector 6


Sector 6 is comprised of a federation of a bunch of different species. Most of them get along but at no point in the history of Sector 6 were they ever united under one banner. Probably one of the most important part about Sector 6 is the desert trade center of Donia.
Donia is a giant trade hub that has reaches far beyond Sector 6 and because of this, is considered an independent state. Other sectors have been discouraged from trying to sieze control over Donia as this would spark a multi-sector conflict that can only end badly for them. That is, until recently.




So a little bit of history on Sector 6:

Sector 6 didn't use to be this small, in fact it used to be 3 times this size. The main cause of it's current state is the rise of the Ra'Gash in Sector 5.

Sector 5 used to be populated by a race called the Vilo. I think I described them as fox faced cowards who can't fight for shit.
Inside the bounds of sector 5 however resided the Ra'Gash. They started with one planet, but as soon as their presence was found by the Greater Star System Alliance, they started to expand. And then they just never stopped. The Ra'Gash have a systemic belief that power comes through conquest, and since the Vilos are terrible at fighting, it was just a matter of time before all of Sector 5 was conquered. They didn't stop there however, with Sector 5 all to themselves, they quickly turned onto other Sectors and since Sector 6 is a fragmented federation, it was basically a cakewalk for the gladitory race.




Within Sector 6 there are currently 3 major parties:

The first is the Holy Empire, lead by a man named Talem Mahrs. Mahrs grew up as an orphan living in Donia and through a series of conflicts found himself in a political position with the will of the people by his side. He is a passifist, but is not afraid to do what he feels is right. With the support of the people behind him, and with a number of other allies, he seeks to unite Sector 6 under one banner to stop the Ra'Gash invasion.

Next are the Skireth pirates, lead by Skirath Vivadale. Skirath has been making profits by attacking trade caravans and pillaging their profits. Since Sector 6 is a federation and not a united system, there isn't much people can do to stop them. Because of her successes Skirath now commands a rather large bregade of pirates, parallel to the strength of the Holy Empires fleet itself.

Lastly there's our party, the Lyser Mercenaires. Not nearly as well known and no where near the size of the Holy Empire or the Skireth Pirates, Lyndonese Lyser leads a small band of people for hire. Due to it's size Lyser mostly employs Runners, who are lightweight units equipped to do as much damage as they can as fast as possible. Lyser doesn't usually take a side, favoring the will of the dollar rather then the will of the people. While she's a friend of Skireth, she despises Talem Mahrs and thinks that the unification of Sector 6 to be foolhardy.



So now we get to the games story, all of that backstory will have to be conveyed somehow in the actual game itself.It's a lot but certain encounters with Skireth and Talem Mahrs would actually be an easy way to talk about them and convey the sitation.


So with the Ra'Gash at the gate, Talem Mahrs has started a campaign in an effort to preserve what is left of Sector 6. He currently calls for unification of Sector 6 so that they can stand united against their invaders. This is of course unprecidented as if Sector 6 unites, then Donia will no longer be politically neutral, something which the residents of Donia are ok with, but the rest of the sectors aren't ok with.

To bolster his strength, he secretly reaches out to Skireth, who has been having trouble raiding the new Ra'Gash caravans in an attempt to get her to join his cause.
Pirates helping anyone but themselves is unheard of, but Skireth honestly considers it since they have suffered heafty losses trying to steal from a race literally built for combat.




The game ends around here:
Lyser hears of this from Skireth herself and decides to take matters in her own hands. She sends a team of her finest mercenaries to assassinate Talem Mahrs in order to stop this pathetic attempt to unite Sector 6. She feels like a lot less blood will be shed if Sector 6 rolls over to the Ra'Gash rather then if a war is fought between them. She favors the short conflict over the long exausted conflict especially since there's almost a snows chance in hell that Talem Mahrs emerges victorious.

This team of mercenaries fail spectacularly and only manage to kill Talem Mahr's wife, who was in charge of the Holy Empires military. However, instead of taking the fall, Lyser finds that Mahrs blames Skireth for this attempt on his wife, and betrays her by sending a warship to destroy her flagship. Skireth servives, but that's a different story.
